I want to simulate my production line to gain insight into its current state. I’m interested in taking a deeper look into storage levels and utilization of production machines and logistics resources to evaluate whether there are bottlenecks or inefficiencies.
The production line is sequential and consists of two production machines that are used in sequence to create final products. The machines are called “machine-1” and “machine-2”. There is a single material storage which holds the raw material needed to create the products. There is a warehouse where the finished products are stored. For this simulation, assume the warehouse has infinite storage capacity, so an infinite number of finished products can be stored here, and no blocking can occur. The warehouse is initially empty. A buffer storage is placed after machine-1. For the simulation this buffer has infinite storage capacity, so an infinite number of intermediate products can be stored here, and no blocking can occur.  The buffer storage is initially empty. There are 2 AGVs that are utilized for transportation tasks. They are named “AGV-1” and “AGV-2”. The AGVs operate independently from each other so they can operate simultaneously. Both AGVs are initially empty and in idle state. There are no human workers involved.
The processing time in machine-1 is 10 minutes. The processing time in machine-2 is 20 minutes. For the simulation the processing times are fixed and do not follow any probability distributions. Each machine can process one piece at a time. At start of the simulation, both machines are empty and in an idle state and ready to receive tasks. At start the inventory of the raw material storage has 100 units of raw material. There are no replenishments of the material storage. 1 unit of raw material is needed per finished product.
The production process is as follows: AGV-1 picks up 1 unit of raw material from the material storage and transports it to machine-1. AGV-1 unloads the raw material to machine-1. Machine-1 then starts processing the raw material to create an intermediate product. The intermediate product automatically moves into the buffer storage positioned after machine-1. AGV-2 picks up the intermediate product from the buffer and transports it to machine-2. AGV-2 unloads the intermediate product to machine-2. Machine-2 then starts processing the intermediate product to create the final product. The final product then automatically moves into the warehouse. This production process is repeated for the duration of the simulation.
AGV-1 needs 0.5 minutes for pickup and 0.5 minutes for unloading. In between there's 0.5 minutes of travel time one way. Including the return path it's a total cycle time of 2 minutes. AGV-2 needs 0.5 minutes for pickup and 0.5 minutes for unloading. In between there's 0.5 minutes of travel time one way. Including the return path it's a total cycle time of 2 minutes. Assume these times are fixed and do not follow any probability distributions. Each AGV can move one piece of material or intermediate product at a time. The AGVs do not perform any alternative tasks. The AGVs are pull controlled by the production machines: AGV-1 starts its transport cycle only when machine-1 is empty and ready to receive raw material. AGV-2 starts its transport cycle only when machine-2 is empty and there is at least one intermediate product in the buffer.
The simulation duration is 480 minutes. There are no breakdowns or scheduled maintenance times during the simulation. All times are constant (deterministic). There are no probabilistic distributions.
I want to track storage levels for all storages, machine utilization over time and AGV utilization over time as well as throughput as final products per minute. Dump the simulation results in a CSV file and dump the event logs for all state changes for all entities as a table with time stamps in a separate CSV file. Create graphs for the simulation results. Use line charts for storage levels. Use bar charts for total utilization time.